Enhancement/update readme (#26)
PilzDE/psen_scan: README.md

[![PILZ](img/pilz-logo.png)](https://www.pilz.com)

# PILZ Safety laser scanner PSENscan

## Package: psen_scan

The **psen_scan** package is a ROS integration of the PSENscan Safety laser scanner product. It allows for an easy integration of the laser scanner data into your ROS Environment. Using the standard [sensor_msgs/LaserScan][] message format ensures compatibility with other laserscan-post-processing nodes such as [gmapping][]. For a general overview and link collection we refer to the [wiki page](http://wiki.ros.org/psen_scan).

<p align="center">

> <img src="img/PSENscan.jpg" alt="Pilz Safety laser scanner" title="Pilz Safety laser scanner">

Reviewer: maybe adjust to uppercase from heading?
```suggestion
<img src="img/PSENscan.jpg" alt="PILZ Safety laser scanner" title="PILZ Safety laser scanner">
```

Author: Solved in 01dcea65f79ebae8a82975a9271cb7ec29a87550

[![PILZ](img/pilz-logo.png)](https://www.pilz.com)

# PILZ Safety Laserscanner PSENscan

## Package: psen_scan

> The **psen_scan** package is a ROS integration of the PSENscan Safety laser scanner product. It allows for an easy integration of the Laserscanner-data into your ROS-Environment. Using the standard [sensor_msgs/LaserScan][] message format ensures compatibility with other laserscan-post-processing nodes such as [gmapping][]. For a general overview and link collection we refer to the [wiki page](http://wiki.ros.org/psen_scan).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **psen_scan** package is a ROS integration of the PSENscan Safety laser scanner product. It allows for an easy integration of the laser scanner data into your ROS Environment. Using the standard [sensor_msgs/LaserScan][] message format ensures compatibility with other laserscan-post-processing nodes such as [gmapping][]. For a general overview and link collection we refer to the [wiki page](http://wiki.ros.org/psen_scan).
```

If you wish to set parameters from the command line, add them to the end of the command as follows: `parameter:=value`, separated by spaces.

```bash
roslaunch psen_scan psen_scan.launch sensor_ip:=192.168.0.10 host_ip:=192.168.0.20 host_udp_port:=3050
```
This example configures the Safety laser scanner at 192.168.0.10 to send it´s frames to 192.168.0.20:3050.

### Adjust expert parameters
If you've created an application package with your own launch file as described in the
[tutorials](http://wiki.ros.org/psen_scan/Tutorials/),

> you can easily adjust many other configuration parameters.

Reviewer: many other: which ones exactly? This probably refers to the list of parameters in the above paragraph.
```suggestion
you can easily adjust the aforementioned configuration parameters.
```

## You need further information?
Our international hotline staff will support you individually about our ROS packages at
ros@pilz.de

> Find more information about the Pilz Safety laser scanner on the [product website](https://www.pilz.com/en-INT/eshop/00106002197131/PSENscan-Safety-Laser-Scanner).

Reviewer: Maybe use lower-case? Or same as in headline?
```suggestion
Find more information about the Pilz safety laser scanner on the [product website](https://www.pilz.com/en-INT/eshop/00106002197131/PSENscan-Safety-Laser-Scanner).
```

Author: Solved in 01dcea65f79ebae8a82975a9271cb7ec29a87550
